index.rst, before:

.. VoteIT documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Jan 14 10:52:56 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to VoteIT's documentation!
==================================

.. image:: images/voteit_logo.png
   :align: right

This is an index and overview over available documentation. Please note that all documentation might not be available in all languages.

For contact information, please see the VoteIT website. (Mainly in Swedish though)
`<http://www.voteit.se/>`_ 


.. _manual_pages:

User manual
===========

* `English <http://voteit-user-manual.readthedocs.org>`__
* `Svenska <http://voteit-anvandarmanual.readthedocs.org>`__

Technical and development manual
================================

Contains installation instructions, tehcnical information, how to contribute etc.
Basically everything you need to know if you want to understand the code and what's
going on. :)

* `English <http://voteit-dev.readthedocs.org>`__

Extensions and plugins for VoteIT
=================================



About
=====

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    README

Commit message:

adding ReadTheDocs-manual http-link in readme and correcting language in index

index.rst, after:

.. VoteIT documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Jan 14 10:52:56 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to VoteIT's documentation!
==================================

.. image:: images/voteit_logo.png
   :align: right

This is an index and overview over available documentation. Please note that all documentation might not be available in all languages.

For contact information, please see the VoteIT website. (Mainly in Swedish though)
`<http://www.voteit.se/>`_ 


.. _manual_pages:

User manual
===========

* `English <http://voteit-user-manual.readthedocs.org>`__
* `Svenska <http://voteit-anvandarmanual.readthedocs.org>`__

Technical and development manual
================================

This manual contains installation instructions, technical information, how to contribute to the code etc.
Basically everything you need to know if you want to understand the code and what's
going on. :)

* `English <http://voteit-dev.readthedocs.org>`__

Extensions and plugins for VoteIT
=================================



About
=====

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    README
